README.md, before:

## MOVIESAURUS 

### All the movies and tv shows you can imagine

<!-- 
- This readme will have to show how to connect with backend throw the assigned port
explain what to do in our website.
explain how redux will do it's job showing or not showing things depending on user's privileges

- img: each view and variation of itself, explained.

 -->



<!-- 
MAIN WEBPAGE IDEA: moviesaurus will be a netflix of black&white movies
BACKENDCONNECT:
- PASOS A SEGUIR:
[1] actualizar orders en backend: darle fecha de inicio y final.
- se debe mostrar de una order: si está activa o no. fecha inicio, y fecha final
[2] vista de admin: tiene acceso a los endpoints que necesita el isAdmin 
[3] develop header: token & no token view. 

FRONT:
- vistas a desarrollar:
  [1] profile
  [2] modify profile data
  [3] orders
  [4] new order
  [5] 
  [6]

REGISTER: 
- divide Birthdate into 3 input fields so we get a full birthdate 
- make unable to see the form as an user, instead, let's show a funny phrase or the register order form, and so we use the same css' for it.

HOME: 
-  let's make a function that returns another view with the most popular movies and some other things if you go into home as an user
-  home user: show a couple most watched b&w movies

COMPONENTS: 
- create a button that activates the function 'sendData' to an endpoint depending on the user ID. example: user id = 7; if user ID = 7, then we will execute the endpoints with the admin pass and privileges. 
- we can also create a function that detects the kind of data we're sending and execute a function depending on this data itself. 

-- EXTERNAL THINGS --
- develop MOVIESAURUS logo / front page
  
EXTRA FOR FREE TIME:
[1] css & js animation all data fields at register go inside the register div and then it sends the data.
  

-->

Commit message:

Fix: register button now only shows when all data fields are full. Redux added. Next step: use redux to preserve usedata if user presses cancel at register view

README.md, after:

## MOVIESAURUS 

### All the movies and tv shows you can imagine

<!-- 
- This readme will have to show how to connect with backend throw the assigned port
explain what to do in our website.
explain how redux will do it's job showing or not showing things depending on user's privileges

- img: each view and variation of itself, explained.

 -->



<!-- 
MAIN WEBPAGE IDEA: moviesaurus will be a netflix of black&white movies
BACKENDCONNECT:
- PASOS A SEGUIR:
[1] actualizar orders en backend: darle fecha de inicio y final.
- se debe mostrar de una order: si está activa o no. fecha inicio, y fecha final
[2] vista de admin: tiene acceso a los endpoints que necesita el isAdmin 
[3] develop header: token & no token view. 

FRONT:
- vistas a desarrollar:
  [1] profile
  [2] modify profile data
  [3] orders
  [4] new order
  [5] 
  [6]

REGISTER: 
- hover:input that matches the div's text 
- divide Birthdate into 3 input fields so we get a full birthdate 
- make unable to see the form as an user, instead, let's show a funny phrase or the register order form, and so we use the same css' for it.
- there is a comment with our  idea of making a transition. Otherwise, we can try to reuse the one we used at home.

HOME: 
-  let's make a function that returns another view with the most popular movies and some other things below the login & background
-  home user: show a couple most watched b&w movies

COMPONENTS: 
- create a button that activates the function 'sendData' to an endpoint depending on the user ID. example: user id = 7; if user ID = 7, then we will execute the endpoints with the admin pass and privileges. 
- we can also create a function that detects the kind of data we're sending and execute a function depending on this data itself. 

-- EXTERNAL THINGS --
- develop MOVIESAURUS logo / front page
  
EXTRA FOR FREE TIME:
[1] css & js animation all data fields at register go inside the register div and then it sends the data.
  

-->
